When creating `CertConfig` during `login` use special version `0.0.0` to make dedicated `cert-operator` instance reconcile them. (#959)
giantswarm/kubectl-gs: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - When creating `CertConfig` during `login` use special version `0.0.0` to make dedicated `cert-operator` instance reconcile them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure dedicated `cert-operator` version `0.0.0` is used for client certificate creation in `login` command to avoid timeouts.
```
